Overall Project Description:
    In life, you only have 60 seconds to impress someone. 1 minute can make or break you. How do we make sure that you use your 1 minute to actually say something meaningful?

    Your task this week is to create an application that allows users to use that one minute wisely. The users will submit their one minute pitches and other users will vote on them and leave comments to give their feedback on them.

    The pitches are organized by category. You can have different categories like pickup lines, interview pitch, product pitch, promotion pitch.(You don't have to use these categories, you can come up with your own creative categories) 

    The pitches should be arranged by category and the new posts should be displayed first.

User Story:
    As a user, I would like to see the pitches other people have posted.
    As a user, I would like to vote on the pitch they liked and give it a downvote or upvote.
    As a user, I would like to be signed in for me to leave a comment
    As a user, I would like to receive a welcoming email once I sign up.
    As a user, I would like to view the pitches I have created in my profile page.
    As a user, I would like to comment on the different pitches and leave feedback.
    As a user, I would like to submit a pitch in any category.
    As a user, I would like to view the different categories.

Project Objectives:
    Your project must have a user model.
    In your models, implement at least 1 one-to-many relationship.
    Your project should have a comment model.
    Your project should have a profile page.
    Your project should follow the proper folder structure.
    Your project should have a functioning authentication system.
    Your project should contain migration files for the different model structure.

Technical Requirements:
    Create a specs markdown file that lists down all the projects specifications.
    All your models should contain unittests to test the different behaviours. All your test should pass.
    Your project should be deployed to Heroku.
    Your project should contain proper commit messages.
    Project is polished and in portfolio-quality state

Further exploration:
    You can create a favourite pitch section where you list all the favourite pitches